we spoke to Jon Landau and he confirmed
the loss of humans again in the seek was
wondering you could pose any scenes or
back on earth and if so is that easier
to get your head around because it's a
world that you know and understand
yourself not necessarily and you may not
want me to necessarily treat it that way
be that literal he may want to I just
give a banal example he may want to have
the Earth's music represented by some
whatever weird contemporary pop
commercial radio music there is at that
point in time as opposed to score and as
score might super impose itself on that
I don't know what Jim's vision will be
for how he might portray the various
places that are in Avatar - a lot of it
will take place underwater which is a
completely different environment and
I've seen some of the stuff and it's
stunning all I can say is you've never
seen that before
and you know just from Jim's previous
work how much he's stretching himself to
make something he's never done before
and that is what he's always doing he's
always pushing the envelope and he's
always expecting everybody who works
with him to do the same thing enjoy
attention to be involved right up until
the end of others are for you gonna be
doing the whole back to back trick I
laughed that long
it's pretty much we talked about that
last night right now Jim has a script
that's he's got he's trying to kill for
sequels script wise and he's trying to
make it into three
and that is where I think his effort is
going right now to keep it to three
sequels because he's got so much going
on how do you keep it from expanding
into that yet a fourth movie a fifth
movie I guess total and he'll get that
sorted out but it's you know in my world
I have a I have to remember that I've
got other commitments and other things I
want to do watching hey you guys hey you
guys how you guys up from the Goonies